.. _Review_Answers:

############################
回答问题数据
############################

您可以查阅某个学生对于某个问题提交的答案、下载课程范围内的答题数据报告，或查阅某个问题的答案立方图。

* :ref:`Student_Answer_Submission`

* :ref:`Student_Answer_Distribution`

* :ref:`score_histogram`

Student answer distribution data, including both charts and reports, is also
available from edX Insights. For more information, see `Using edX Insights`_.

.. _Student_Answer_Submission:

************************************************************
查看某个学生的答案及答题历史记录
************************************************************

您可以查看某个学生关于某道题目提交的具体回答内容、回答正确需要尝试的次数，
以及答案提交日期、时间。您可通过用户名锁定学生。



#. 查看课程现况

#. 单击“课件”，导航至包含该问题的课程单元

#. 查看问题，单击问题下方的“提交历史记录”

#. 输入您想查看学生的用户名，单击页面底部的“查看历史记录”，即出现该生回答问题的信息

随便单击查看窗口外的页面即可关闭窗口。
   
.. _Student_Answer_Distribution:

****************************************
学生答题分布
****************************************

您可下载学生答题分布数据的CSV文件。文件中显示的答题类型包括以下几类：

* 多项选择 (``<choiceresponse>``)
* 下拉列表选择 (``<optionresponse>``)
* 单项选择 (``<multiplechoiceresponse>``)
* 数字输入 (``<numericalresponse>``)
* 文本输入 (``<stringresponse>``)
* 数学表达式输入 (``<formularesponse>``)

该文件中，有一行显示的是您学生选择的所有“问题-答案”配对。
例如，一道问题出现了五种意见不同的答案，则文件中会显示五行，
每一行至少代表一名学生的观点。如果您在Studio中设置了带有“随机选择”功能的问题，
则会另外再开一行。详见 :ref:`Problem Settings`.

CSV文件包含以下几列：

.. list-table::
   :widths: 20 60
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Column
     - Description
   * - ModuleID
     - The internal identifier for the Problem component.
   * - PartID
     - For a Problem component that contains multiple problems, the internal
       identifier for each individual problem. For a Problem component that
       contains a single problem, the internal identifier of that problem.
   * - Correct Answer
     - 0 if this **AnswerValue** is incorrect, or 1 if this **AnswerValue** is
       correct.
   * - Count
     - The number of times that students entered or selected this answer as
       their most recent submission for the problem or problem variant. For
       problems with the number of **Attempts** set to a value greater than 1,
       this means that each student contributes a maximum of 1 to this count,
       even if the same answer is provided in multiple attempts.
   * - ValueID
     - The internal identifier of the answer choice for checkboxes and multiple
       choice problems. Blank for dropdown, numerical input, text input, and
       math expression input problems.
   * - AnswerValue
     - The text label of the answer choice for checkboxes, dropdown, and
       multiple choice problems. The value entered by the student for numerical
       input, text input, and math expression input problems.
   * - Variant
     - For problems that use the **Randomization** setting in Studio, contains
       the unique identifier for a variant of the problem. Blank for problems
       that do not use the **Randomization** setting, or that use the **Never**
       option for this setting.
   * - Problem Display Name
     - The **Display Name** defined for the problem.
   * - Question
     - The accessible label that appears above the answer choices or the
       text entry field for the problem. In Studio's Simple Editor, this text is
       surrounded by two pairs of angle brackets (>>Question<<). Blank for
       questions that do not have an accessible label defined.

Entries are sorted by the value in each column, starting with the ModuleID on
the left and continuing through the columns to the right.

.. _Download_Answer_Distributions:

===================================================
Download the Student Answer Distribution Report
===================================================

An automated process runs periodically on the edX servers to update the CSV file
of student answer data. A link to the most recently updated version of the CSV
file is available on the Instructor Dashboard.

To download the most recent file of student answer data:

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Instructor**, then click **Data Download**.

#. At the bottom of the page, click the ``{course_id}_answer_distribution.csv``
   file name. You may have to scroll down to find this file.

==========================================================================
Frequently Asked Questions about the Student Answer Distribution Report
==========================================================================

Answers to questions about the student answer distribution report follow.   

**My course doesn't have a student answer distribution report. How can I
generate it?**

Student answer distribution reports are generated automatically, and refreshed
several times each day. The ``{course_id}_answer_distribution.csv`` file
displays after all of the ``{course_id}_grade_report_{date}.csv`` files. Be sure
to scroll to the end of the list of available reports.

**Why are some problems missing from this report? The ones that are missing do
have the problem types listed under** :ref:`Review_Answers`.

This report includes only problems that at least one student has answered since
early March 2014. For those problems, this report only includes activity that
occurred after October 2013.

**Why don't I see an AnswerValue for some of my problems?**

For checkboxes and multiple choice problems, the answer choices actually
selected by a student after early March 2014 display as described in the
previous answer. Answer choices selected by at least one student after October
2013, but not selected since early March 2014, are included on the report but do
not include an **AnswerValue**. The **ValueID** does display the internal
identifiers, such as choice_1 and choice_2, for those answers.

**Why don't I see a Question for some of my problems?**

The value in the **Question** column is the accessible label for the problem.
For more information about how to set up labels for problems, see :ref:`Create
Exercises`.

Also, for problems that use the **Randomization** setting in Studio, if a
particular answer has not been selected since early March 2014, the **Question**
is blank for that answer.

**My students are saying that they answered a question, but it isn't showing up
in the report. How can that be?**

Only questions that have a **Maximum Attempts** setting of 1 or higher are
included on the report.

**I made a correction to a problem after it was released. How can I tell which
students tried to answer it before I made the change?**

Problem **Count** values reflect the entire problem history. If you change a
problem after it is released, it may not be possible for you to determine which
answers were given before and after you made the change.

**Why is the same answer showing up in two different rows when I view the report
in a spreadsheet?**

Some spreadsheet applications can alter the data in the CSV report for display
purposes. For example, for different student answers of "0.5" and ".5" Excel
correctly includes the two different lines from the CSV, but displays the
**AnswerValue** on both of them as "0.5". If you notice answers that appear to
be the same on separate lines with separate counts, you can review the actual,
unaltered data by opening the CSV file in a text editor.

**Why are there strange characters in the report when I view it in a
spreadsheet?**

The CSV file is UTF-8 encoded, but not all spreadsheet applications interpret
and render UTF-8 encoded characters correctly. For example, a student answer
distribution report with answer values in French displays differently in
Microsoft Excel for Mac than in OpenOffice Calc.

  Answer Values in Microsoft Excel for Mac:

   .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/student_answer_excel.png
     :alt: A spreadsheet that replaces accented French characters with underscores

  Answer Values in OpenOffice Calc:

   .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/student_answer_calc.png
     :alt: A spreadsheet that displays accented French characters correctly

If you notice characters that do not display as expected in a spreadsheet, try a
different spreadsheet application such as LibreOffice or Apache OpenOffice to
open the CSV file.

==========================================================================
Interpret the Student Answer Distribution Report
==========================================================================

You can use the Student Answer Distribution report to review student responses
to assignments, which can then help you evaluate the structure and completeness
of your courseware and problem components.

As an example, you define a text input question in Studio to have a single
correct answer, "Warfarin". When you produce the Student Answer Distribution
report, you verify that this answer was in fact marked correct: there is a 1 in
the **Correct Answer** column for this **AnswerValue**.

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/SAD_Answer_Review.png
    :alt: In Excel, 5 rows show 5 answer values, 4 of which show comprehension of the question, but only 1 answer is marked as correct

However, as you view the report you notice other student answers that you did
not set up to be marked as correct in Studio, but that you might (or might not)
also consider to be correct, such as "Warfarin or Coumadin". The **Correct
Answer** column shows that the other answers were marked incorrect (0), but for
future iterations of your course you may want to revise the question or update
the problem to evaluate additional variations of the answer as correct.

Many spreadsheet applications offer data visualization options, such as charts
or graphs. Charts can help make your students' common misconceptions  easier to
identify.

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/SAD_Column_Chart.png
    :alt: In Excel, AnswerValue and Count columns next to each other, values for 4 rows selected, and a column chart of the count for the 4 answers

In this example, the Student Answer Distribution report is open in Microsoft
Excel. To create a chart that shows how many of your students chose various
answers to a multiple choice question, you move the **AnswerValue** and
**Count** columns next to each other. After you click and drag to select the
report cells that contain the data you want to chart, you click the Charts
toolbar and then click the type of chart you want.

.. note:: Refer to the help for the spreadsheet application that you use for information on using these options. You may have to make changes to your spreadsheet, such as reordering columns. Save a copy of the file you originally downloaded as a backup before you begin. 

You can adjust your course content based on common student mistakes. While most
students in this example selected the correct answer, the number of incorrect
answer(s) can guide future changes to the courseware.

.. _score_histogram:

**************************************************
View a Histogram of Scores for a Single Problem
**************************************************

You can view a chart of the score distribution for a specified problem. 

.. note:: To view the score distribution for a problem, you need its unique identifier. You can display a histogram for problems that have the  ``/problem/`` prefix in the unique identifier. See :ref:`find_URL`.

To display the distribution of scores for a problem:

#. View the live version of your course.

#. Click **Instructor**, then click **Analytics**. 

#. In the Score Distribution section, select a problem by using its unique
   identifier.

   The **Analytics** page updates to display a histogram of scores for that
   problem.

   .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/score_histogram.png
     :alt: Graph of the number of students who received different scores for a
         selected problem

..  **Question**: (sent to Olga 31 Jan 14) this is a tough UI to use: how do they correlate the codes in this drop-down with actual constructed problems? the copy-and-paste UI on the Student Admin page actually works a little better imo. LMS-2522

===================================================
Interpret a Score Histogram
===================================================

The histogram of scores for a selected problem provides the following
information.

   .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/score_histogram_callouts.png
     :alt: Histogram with indicators for the number of students scored value and
         the x-axis numbers that indicate plotted scores

* The x-axis indicates the number of points that students can receive for the
  problem, unweighted. Although decimal values are marked on the x-axis, each
  score is a whole number. The whole number value at the left of a plotted bar
  is the score that applies to it.

* The y-axis indicates the number of students who have answered and checked the
  problem.

* Above the graph, a number of **students scored** displays. This number
  indicates the total number of database records that exist for the problem: it
  includes not only students who have answered and checked the problem to
  receive a score, but also students who have opened the problem but not yet
  completed it.

* An automated process runs approximately weekly on the edX servers to update
  score histograms. This process runs less frequently than the process that
  updates the student answer distribution report: at certain times during a
  course the number of students shown in a score histogram can be quite
  different than the **Count** for the same problem in a student answer
  distribution report.


.. _Using edX Insights: http://edx-insights.readthedocs.org/en/latest/
